Feature? Easter Egg! (#7415)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/intro missions.txt

			label end
			`	"Great," he says. "My name is James, by the way."`
			`	"<first> <last>," you say.`
			branch MZ
				has "name: Michael Zahniser"
			`	"I'm looking forward to traveling with you, Captain <last>," says James.`

> 				goto end
> 			label MZ
> 			`	"<first> <last>?" he stops for a moment. "I've heard that name before. Reminds me of someone famous, I think," says James. "Anyways, I'm looking forward to traveling with you."`
> 			label end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				goto advice
			label MZ
			`	"<first> <last>?" he stops for a moment. "I've heard that name before. Reminds me of someone famous, I think," says James. "Anyways, I'm looking forward to traveling with you."`
			label advice
```

			label end
			`	"Great," he says. "My name is James, by the way."`
			`	"<first> <last>," you say.`
			branch MZ
				or

> 					"name: Michael Zahniser" == 1
> 					"name: M Z" == 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					has "name: Michael Zahniser"
					has "name: M Z"
```

			`	"I'm looking forward to traveling with you, Captain <last>," says James.`
				goto MZend
			label MZ

> 			`	"<first> <last>?" he stops for a moment. "I have heard of this name before. I think it belongs to a famous person," says James. "Anyways, I'm looking forward to traveling with you."`

Author: Hmmm I dont know, I am kind of bad at writing I need a second opinion

> 			`	"<first> <last>?" he stops for a moment. "I have heard of this name before. I think it belongs to a famous person," says James. "Anyways, I'm looking forward to traveling with you."`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	"<first> <last>?" he stops for a moment. "I've heard that name before. Reminds me of someone famous, I think," says James. "Anyways, I'm looking forward to traveling with you."`
```

> 			`	"<first> <last>?" he stops for a moment. "I have heard of this name before. I think it belongs to a famous person," says James. "Anyways, I'm looking forward to traveling with you."`

Author: Done

> 			`	"<first> <last>?" he stops for a moment, "I heard this name before. I think it belongs to a famous person," says James. "Anyways, I'm looking forward to traveling with you," he continues.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"<first> <last>?" he stops for a moment. "I have heard of this name before. I think it belongs to a famous person," says James. "Anyways, I'm looking forward to traveling with you."`
```

> 			branch MZ
> 				or
> 					has "name: Michael Zahniser"
> 					has "name: M Z"
> 			`	"I'm looking forward to traveling with you, Captain <last>," says James.`
> 				goto MZend
> 			label MZ
> 			`	"<first> <last>?" he stops for a moment. "I've heard that name before. Reminds me of someone famous, I think," says James. "Anyways, I'm looking forward to traveling with you."`
> 			label MZend

Reviewer: I think just the full name should be accepted. MZ's name appears in the credits, so it isn't a stretch for someone to try out his full name, but "M Z" seems like something someone would only choose because they know of this easter egg, as in the community we just type "MZ" without the space, so having your first name be M and last name by Z seems like likely to be something someone just does.
```suggestion
			branch MZ
				has "name: Michael Zahniser"
			`	"I'm looking forward to traveling with you, Captain <last>," says James.`
				goto end
			label MZ
			`	"<first> <last>?" he stops for a moment. "I've heard that name before. Reminds me of someone famous, I think," says James. "Anyways, I'm looking forward to traveling with you."`
			label end
```
